So the edit is solid as usual.
It's looking good.
Now, what I want to do is add some overlays.
There's going to be a nice kind of final glossy layer that we're going to do to really bring out the
cool kind of glitchy ness and Dungeness that I want to have in this edit.
Now, I have an overlays folder right here.
And what I'm going to do is just kind of go through and pick out a few that match up with the kind of
colored tone and overall scheme of the edit, because you can see these all have different colors,
kind of different styles.
Some are really techie looking.
Some are kind of softer.
Some are more computerized.
OK, this one's cool.
Yeah, this one matches the right vibe.
So I'm going to create a
overlays folder right here and I'm going to drag that when I really like.
And we'll pick a second one just in case.
Don't don't need any purples.
This was kind of cool.
No, no.
Now.
OK, let's see this one.
This is just a backup.
OK.
And I want to go two points in the edit where we can use just a little bit of a glitchy overlay that's
going to make the moment look better.
So we have these two moments that skip forward and then that skip what's not necessarily skip forward,
but to scale up.
So we scale up there and then we scale up there.
So let's go ahead and double click our overlay.
And we're just going to find the moments that have just the right amount of distortion.
So let's grab that.
We don't need a whole lot.
Just a little bit.
We can right click it and we can scale it to our frame.
Size has a different aspect ratio.
So you can see those these bars on the side so we can go ahead and scale it up so that it fills the
entire frame.
And just like what we did with the blending mode, we're going to click on the blending mode under the
opacity function of our clip.
And we're going to hit screen.
Now, we can also do lighton or we can even do darken and multiply.
So if we check out Darken.
Kind of a cool, super glitchy look.
It looks a little too dark.
Personally for me, so let's do the screen.
OK, I'm liking that a lot more.
And I want to scale this up even more, so I'm going to go 130.
OK.
Perfect, and let's grab another part.
It's the flag
right there.
Scale it up.
Increase the size and hit screen.
OK.
Now these look good as they are, but I think we can get a little bit more if we just go ahead and all
drag and duplicate these overlays.
And drag them on top.
So for this first one, it's almost the overlays too much, and it's actually we're losing this cool
masking that we did, so I'm going to move it over.
It's the rock.
And it's really just fine tuning, a lot of this is just super fine tuning.
So this one, I don't feel like needs an overlay.
This one can use, OK.
So let's do it like that.
OK.
And let's have a look back at these.
Of course, so those are looking really good, let's go forward in the edit and let's go to this point.
And there's already a lot going on in this moment, so I don't really know if we need another overlay
by.
Let's experiment a little bit here.
What if we grab a little bit of that dragon on top?
It's going to scale this up.
It's green.
So that's cool.
It adds a lot more energy.
So we have it like this.
Or if we take away that layer.
And then with.
Cool, I like that.
It adds just a little bit extra depth and we can even drag that stuff over here.
OK, and let's go to the end of the edit where we did this overlay, which I really like, and then
we have this outro, so this can definitely use some help.
This just needs a little bit more texture.
It feels a little bit forced and just a little bit.
There's no personality in here.
So let's find a good moment.
OK, like that.
So, boom, that's got a ton of personality that's really going to help this ending.
Scale it up.
It's screen.
And let's check it out.
OOiA.
OK, cool.
And just to experiment, what happens if we do darken?
Oh.
So I'm going to bring the opacity on this overlay down a little bit so that we don't lose too much of
our image, because here we're kind of losing a lot.
So this is without that's all the way up.
So if we kind of bring it back a little bit, let's say the opacity is at 70 percent.
Then we can still keep our image.
Let's actually go down more.
Let's check that out.
OK.
Let's try that.
Oh, yeah, I like that.
OK, so that should really help you out with a little bit more personality and adding more character
to your edits when you really need those cool moments like this, any shot is a perfect example.
Like this looks pretty -- cool and stylized and pretty highly produced when before, you know, we
just had this old thing, which looks good, too.
Nothing wrong with that.
And that little extra bit of ninja work really takes it to the next level.